ITEM 1. UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Index to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Page Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 6 Condensed Consolidated Statements Of Operations 8 Condensed Consolidated Statements Of Comprehensive Income 9 Condensed Consolidated Statements Of Changes In Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock And Stockholders’ Equity 10 Condensed Consolidated Statements Of Cash Flows 12 Notes To Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 14 5 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands, except share information) September 30, 2025 December 31, 2024 (unaudited) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ $ Cash and cash equivalents segregated for corporate-held stablecoins Cash and cash equivalents segregated for the benefit of stablecoin holders Accounts receivable, net Stablecoins receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Non-current assets: Restricted cash Investments Fixed assets, net Digital assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets, net Other non-current assets Total assets $ $ LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Current liabilities: Deposits from stablecoin holders $ $ Accounts payable and accrued expenses Convertible debt, net of debt discount Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities: Convertible debt, net of debt discount Deferred tax liabilities, net Warrant liability Other non-current liabilities Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities $ $ 6 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (continued) Commitments and contingencies (see Note 22) Redeemable convertible preferred stock Redeemable convertible preferred stock ($ par value, nil and million shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively; aggregate liquidation preference of nil and $ billion as of September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively) — Stockholders’ equity Class A common stock ($ par value; billion and million authorized as of September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively; million and million issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively) Class B common stock ($ par value; million and authorized as of September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively; million and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively) Class C common stock ($ par value; million and authorized as of September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively; issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024) Treasury stock at cost ( million shares held as of September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024) ( ) ( ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ( ) ( ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total stockholders’ equity Total liabilities, redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders’ equity $ $ The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 7 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (unaudited) (in thousands, except per share information) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2025 2024 2025 2024 Revenue and reserve income Reserve income $ $ $ $ Other revenue Total revenue and reserve income Distribution, transaction and other costs Distribution and transaction costs Other costs Total distribution, transaction and other costs Operating expenses Compensation expenses General and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization expenses IT infrastructure costs Marketing expenses Digital assets (gains) losses ( ) ( ) Total operating expenses Operating income (loss) from continuing operations ( ) Other (expense) income, net ( ) Net income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes ( ) Income tax expense (benefit) ( ) ( ) Net income (loss) from continuing operations $ $ $ ( ) $ Earnings (loss) per share: Basic $ $ $ ( ) $ Diluted $ $ $ ( ) $ Weighted-average shares used in computing earnings (loss) per share: Basic Diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 8 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (unaudited) (in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2025 2024 2025 2024 Net income (loss) $ $ $ ( ) $ Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax ( ) Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale debt securities, net of tax ( ) Unrealized gain (loss) on convertible notes – credit risk, net of tax ( ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ( ) Comprehensive income (loss) $ $ $ ( ) $ The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 9 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (unaudited) Temporary Equity Permanent Equity (in thousands) Redeemable convertible preferred stock Class A common stock Class B common stock Treasury stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2024 $ $ $ $ ( ) $ $ ( ) $ $ Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options — — — — — — — — — Issuance of common stock and preferred stock upon exercise of warrants — — — — — — — Issuance of common stock in connection with business combination — — — — — — — — — Warrants in common stock — — — — — — — — — — Vesting of restricted stock units, and common stock in connection with business combinations — — — — — — — — — — — Stock-based compensation — — — — — — — — — — Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax — — — — — — — — — — Net income — — — — — — — — — — Other — — — — — — — — — — Balance at March 31, 2025 $ $ $ $ ( ) $ $ ( ) $ $ Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options — — — — — — — — — Issuance of common stock in connection with initial public offering, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and offering costs — — — — — — — — Issuance of common stock upon settlement of restricted stock units, net of shares withheld — — — — — — — — — Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock to common stock in connection with initial public offering ( ) ( ) — — — — — — Conversion of Class A common stock to Class B common stock in connection with initial public offering — — ( ) ( ) — — — — — — Warrants in common stock — — — — — — — — — — Vesting of restricted stock units, and common stock in connection with business combinations — — — — — — — — — — — Stock-based compensation — — — — — — — — — — Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax — — — — — — — — — — Net loss — — — — — — — — — ( ) — ( ) Other — — — — — — — — — Balance at June 30, 2025 $ $ $ $ ( ) $ $ ( ) $ $ Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options — — — — — — — — — Issuance of common stock in connection with follow-on public offering, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and offering costs — — — — — — — — — Issuance of common stock upon settlement of restricted stock units, net of shares withheld — — — — — — ( ) — — ( ) Issuance of common stock in connection with business combinations — — — — — — — — — — Conversion of Class B common stock to Class A common stock — — — ( ) — — — — — — — Warrants in common stock — — — — — — — — — — Vesting of restricted stock units, and common stock in connection with business combinations — — — — — — — — — — — Stock-based compensation — — — — — — — — — — Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax — — — — — — — — — — ( ) ( ) Net income — — — — — — — — — — Balance at September 30, 2025 $ $ $ $ ( ) $ $ ( ) $ $ The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 10 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (unaudited) Temporary Equity Permanent Equity (In thousands) Redeemable convertible preferred stock Class A common stock Class B common stock Treasury Stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Total Stockholders’ Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 $ $ — $ — $ ( ) $ $ ( ) $ $ Adoption of new accounting standards — — — — — — — — — — Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options — — — — — — — — — Issuance of common stock in connection with business combinations — — — — — — — — — — — Stock-based compensation — — — — — — — — — — Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax — — — — — — — — — — ( ) ( ) Net income — — — — — — — — — — Balance at March 31, 2024 $ $ $ — $ ( ) $ $ ( ) $ $ Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options — — — — — — — $ $ — $ — $ Stock-based compensation — — — — — — — — — — Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax — — — — — — — — — — ( ) ( ) Net income — — — — — — — — — — Balance at June 30, 2024 $ $ $ — $ ( ) $ $ ( ) $ $ Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options — — — — — — — $ $ — $ — $ Vesting of restricted stock units — — — — — — — — — — — Issuance of preferred stock for conversion of convertible notes — — — — — — — — Stock-based compensation — — — — — — — — — — Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax — — — — — — — — — — Net income — — — — — — — — — — Balance at September 30, 2024 $ $ $ — $ ( ) $ $ ( ) $ $ The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 11 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (unaudited) (in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2025 2024 Cash flows from operating activities Net income (loss) $ ( ) $ Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Accretion of premium on available-for-sale debt securities ( ) Realized and unrealized losses (gains) on digital assets ( ) Change in fair value of convertible debt, warrant liability, and embedded derivatives ( ) Digital assets received for services ( ) ( ) Equity securities received for services ( ) Deferred taxes ( ) ( ) Realized and unrealized losses (gains) on available-for-sale debt securities and strategic investments ( ) Stock-based compensation Foreign currency remeasurement Provision for warrants in common stock Other non-cash items Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ( ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ( ) ( ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ( ) Other current liabilities ( ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Purchase of available-for-sale debt securities ( ) Sale and maturities of available-for-sale securities Business combinations, net of cash acquired ( ) Sale and return of investments Purchase of investments ( ) ( ) Proceeds from sale of digital assets Capitalization of software development costs ( ) ( ) Purchase of long-lived assets ( ) ( ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ( ) Cash flows from financing activities Net changes in deposits held for stablecoin holders Proceeds from issuance of common stock in connection with initial public offering and follow-on public offering, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and offering costs Payment of withholding taxes on settlement of restricted stock units ( ) Capitalized transaction costs ( ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents, restricted and segregated cash 12 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (unaudited) (in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2025 2024 Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale debt securities classified as cash equivalents, net of tax ( ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents, restricted and segregated cash Cash and cash equivalents, restricted and segregated cash at the beginning of the period Cash and cash equivalents, restricted and segregated cash at the end of the period $ $ Cash and cash equivalents, restricted and segregated cash consisted of the following: Cash and cash equivalents $ $ Restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents segregated for corporate-held stablecoins Cash and cash equivalents segregated for the benefit of stablecoin holders Total cash and cash equivalents, restricted and segregated cash $ $ Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Cash paid for income taxes $ $ Cash paid for interest $ $ Supplemental schedule of non-cash activities Capitalized stock-based compensation expense related to internally developed software $ $ Purchases of long-lived assets included in accounts payable and accrued expenses $ ( ) $ Non-cash purchase of investments and digital assets $ ( ) $ ( ) Net changes in stablecoins receivable $ $ Net changes in the purchase and redemption of digital financial assets $ ( ) $ Obligations to return digital asset collateral $ $ ( ) Digital assets collateral received $ $ Non-cash consideration for business combinations $ $ Unrealized (loss) gain on convertible notes - credit risk, net of tax $ ( ) $ Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock to common stock in connection with initial public offering $ $ The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 13 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 1. million shares of its Class A common stock, including the underwriters’ over-allotment option which was exercised in full, at a public offering price of $ per share. The IPO resulted in net proceeds to the Company of $ million after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and before deducting offering costs of $ million, which were charged to additional paid-in capital as a reduction of the net proceeds received from the IPO. In connection with the completion of the IPO, the Company filed its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, effective June 6, 2025 (the “Charter”), which authorizes a total of billion shares of Class A common stock with a par value of $ per share, million shares of Class B common stock with a par value of $ per share, million shares of Class C common stock with a par value of $ per share and million shares of preferred stock with a par value of $ per share. In connection with the IPO, all shares of our outstanding redeemable convertible preferred stock automatically converted into a total of million shares of our Class A common stock, and a total of million shares of Class A common stock held by our co-founders and certain entities controlled by our co-founders were converted into an equivalent number of shares of Class B common stock. As a result, following the completion of the IPO, we have three classes of authorized common stock: Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C common stock, of which only Class A common stock and Class B common stock were outstanding as of September 30, 2025. Certain of our restricted stock units granted to employees included both a service condition and a liquidity-event related performance condition. The performance condition related to these awards was met upon the commencement of trading of our Class A common stock on the New York Stock Exchange, and the Company recognized $ million of stock-based compensation expense, net of $ million of capitalized costs related to internally developed software, for the vesting of approximately million shares of Class A common stock, million of which were withheld for tax withholding requirements. F ollow-on Public Offering In August 2025, the Company completed a follow-on public offering of its Class A common stock, in which the Company issued and sold million shares of its Class A common stock, including the underwriters’ over-allotment option which was exercised in full, at a public offering price of $ per share. This resulted in net proceeds to the Company of $ million after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and before deducting offering costs of $ million, which were charged to additional paid-in capital as a reduction of the net proceeds received from the follow-on public offering. 14 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 15 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS billion and $ billion, respectively, and the Fund has maintained a net asset value of $ per share for all periods presented. In connection with the Fund, dividends receivable is included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets on the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and dividend income is included in Reserve income in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the Company’s eligible liquid assets, which consist of cash and cash equivalents, were greater than the aggregate amount of custodial funds due to stablecoin holders. 16 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 17 % of the ownership interest in Hashnote Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together with its subsidiaries, “Hashnote”), which, through its affiliates, is the fund manager of Hashnote International Short Duration Yield Fund Ltd., a tokenized money market fund and the issuer of USYC. In accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations, the acquisition was accounted for as a business combination under the acquisition method. The allocation of the purchase price for this acquisition has been prepared on a preliminary basis and changes to the allocation to certain assets, liabilities, and tax estimates may occur as additional information becomes available. Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Fixed assets, net Digital assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Accounts payable and accrued expenses ( ) Other current liabilities ( ) Deferred tax liabilities, net ( ) Total purchase consideration $ 18 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS million, subject to customary adjustments, consisting of $ million in cash, including a purchase price adjustment of $ million, and approximately million shares of our Class A common stock. The intangible assets acquired consist of developed technology of $ million and customer relationships of $ million and were each assigned useful lives of years. The fair value of the customer relationships were determined using the income approach, and the developed technology was determined using the cost approach. These valuations are considered Level 3 fair value measurements due to the use of unobservable inputs including projected timing and amounts of future revenues, cash flows, discount rates and current replacement costs. The excess of the purchase consideration over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed was recorded as goodwill and is attributable to Hashnote’s workforce and the synergies expected to arise from the acquisition. The Company does not expect goodwill to be deductible for income tax purposes. The agreement also provided for the issuance of up to approximately million additional shares of Class A common stock to certain Hashnote employees, which are subject to the satisfaction of vesting conditions and will be accounted for as compensation expense over the requisite service period. The Company also holds investments in certain funds managed by affiliates of Hashnote. These funds, including Hashnote International Short Duration Yield Fund Ltd., are variable interest entities that are not consolidated by the Company due to the fact that we are not the primary beneficiary as we do not have an obligation to absorb losses or a right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to each fund. The Company’s maximum exposure to loss associated with each fund is limited to its insignificant investment and its obligations to perform services as the manager of each fund. The Company provides no guarantees and has no other financial obligations to each of the funds. Malachite million consisting of $ million in cash and $ million of shares of Class A common stock. The shares of Class A common stock will primarily be paid in three installments over a period of and based on the average closing price of the Company’s shares over a period of trading days prior to each payment. Each payment will also be subject to certain customary adjustments. The obligation to deliver a variable number of shares for a predominantly fixed monetary amount represents a liability, and the Company recorded $ million and $ million to Other current liabilities and Other non-current liabilities once placed in service. 19 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS $ $ $ Short-term lease cost $ $ $ $ $ Operating lease liabilities - current Operating lease liabilities - non-current Total operating lease liabilities $ $ Operating lease liabilities are included in Other current liabilities and Other non-current liabilities on the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, while operating lease right-of-use assets are included in Other non-current assets on the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. years 8.3 years Weighted-average discount rates % % 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest Total lease liabilities $ 20 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 5. ~ Customer relationships Regulatory licenses Patents and trade name ~ $ ( ) $ Acquired intangible assets ( ) Total amortizing intangible assets $ $ ( ) $ Indefinite-lived intangible assets Acquired intangible assets — Total intangible assets, net $ $ ( ) $ As of December 31, 2024 Gross carrying amount Accumulated amortization Intangible assets, net Weighted average remaining useful life (in years) Amortizing intangible assets Internally developed software $ $ ( ) $ Acquired intangible assets ( ) Total amortizing intangible assets $ $ ( ) $ Indefinite-lived intangible assets Acquired intangible assets — Total intangible assets, net $ $ ( ) $ $ $ $ Amortization expense on acquired intangible assets Total amortization expense of intangible assets $ $ $ $ 21 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total amortization expense $ $ Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Other Total fixed assets Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ( ) ( ) Total fixed assets, net $ $ million and $ million for the three months ended September 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and $ million and $ million for the nine months ended September 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively, which is included within Depreciation and amortization expense $ $ $ $ Bitcoin Ether Other digital assets (1) n.m. n.m. Total digital assets $ $ $ $ (1) Includes other digital asset balances, none of which individually represented more than 10% of the fair value of the total digital assets. As of September 30, 2025, there are certain digital assets with a total fair value of $ million subject to various time-based contractual sale restrictions ranging from October 2025 until March 2029. 22 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ) $ $ ( ) $ ( ) (Gains)/losses on changes in fair value of embedded derivatives Unrealized (gains)/losses on changes in fair value of digital assets ( ) $ Total $ ( ) $ $ $ ( ) Refer to Note 12 for gains and losses on digital assets held for investments. million and $ million as of September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, which are included in Investments on the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company primarily records these investments at cost adjusted to fair value upon observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer or upon impairment, referred to as the measurement alternative. The Company’s investments carried under the measurement alternative are recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis in periods after initial recognition. Investments carried at fair value under the measurement alternative are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy due to the absence of quoted market prices, the inherent lack of liquidity and unobservable inputs used to measure fair value that require management’s judgment. Any subsequent changes in value of these investments will be included as a part of Other (expense) income, net in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Net investments and returns in privately held companies Upward adjustments Downward adjustments ( ) Realized gains (losses) and impairments ( ) Balance as of September 30, 2025 (1) $ (1) Excludes $ million of strategic investments not accounted for under the measurement alternative as of September 30, 2025. Balance as of December 31, 2023 $ Net investments and returns in privately held companies Upward adjustments Downward adjustments ( ) Realized gains (losses) and impairments ( ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 (1) $ (1) Excludes $ million of strategic investments not accounted for under the measurement alternative as of September 30, 2024. 23 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS $ Investments - derivatives $ $ Accounts receivable, net - embedded derivatives $ ( ) $ The following table summarizes notional amounts related to derivatives and embedded derivatives (in thousands): Table 9.2. Notional Amounts of Derivative and Embedded Derivative Assets and Liabilities September 30, 2025 December 31, 2024 Investments - embedded derivatives $ $ Investments - derivatives $ $ Accounts receivable, net - embedded derivatives $ $ $ $ $ Accounts receivable, net - embedded derivatives (2) $ ( ) $ $ ( ) $ Investments - derivatives and embedded derivatives (2) $ $ $ ( ) $ (1) Included in Digital assets (gains) losses in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. (2) Included in Other (expense) income, net in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 24 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS $ — $ — $ $ — $ — Digital assets — — — Digital financial assets — — — — Investments - derivatives and embedded derivatives (2)(3) — — — — Accounts receivable, net - embedded derivatives (4) — ( ) — — — — Total assets $ $ $ $ $ $ — Liabilities Convertible debt, net of debt discount $ — $ — $ $ — $ — $ Warrant liability — — — — — Total liabilities $ $ $ $ $ $ (1) Included $ billion and $ billion of Circle Reserve Fund as of September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. (2) The fair value measurement is based on the quoted market price of the underlying digital asset. (3) Excluded the host contract balance of $ million and $ million as of September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. (4) Excluded the host contract balance of $ million as of September 30, 2025. As of September 30, 2025, c ertain digital assets related to the blockchain rewards revenue earned during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2025 were classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy due to the absence of quoted market prices, inherent lack of liquidity, and unobservable inputs. per share. The warrants were classified as a non-current liability and were fair valued using a probability weighted model based on the fair value of the Company’s common stock at the balance sheet date. The Company revalued the warrants at each reporting period and recorded the change in fair value in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. On February 20, 2025, the Company issued an aggregate of thousand shares of Series E preferred stock to the warrant holders upon the cashless exercise of those warrants which were subsequently converted one-for-one to Class A common stock upon completion of the IPO. Warrants exercised ( ) Balance as of September 30, 2025 $ Fair value adjustment ( ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 $ 25 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS million, a % interest rate, and matures on March 1, 2026. The note was convertible into Series E preferred stock prior to the IPO, and is convertible into Class A common stock after the IPO. The Company elected the fair value option for recording this note. We measured the fair value of our convertible debt using the probability weighted “as converted” model. The change in fair value of the note is recorded in Other (expense) income, net in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Net discount on convertible notes Capitalized interest Fair value adjustment Fair value adjustment – credit risk Balance as of September 30, 2025 $ Balance as of December 31, 2023 $ Net discount on convertible notes Capitalized interest Fair value adjustment ( ) Fair value adjustment – credit risk ( ) Conversion of convertible notes ( ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 $ % % Volatility % % Risk-free rate % % Nonrecurring fair value measurements Non-financial assets and investments accounted for under the measurement alternative are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Certain investments accounted for under the measurement alternative were impaired. Refer to Note 8 for further details. These fair value measurements are based on Level 3 inputs, predominantly projected cash flows from the underlying investments and an applicable discount rate used in an income approach. 26 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 11. $ $ $ Other revenue Subscription and services Transaction revenue Other Total other revenue Total revenue and reserve income $ $ $ $ 27 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Deferred revenue billed in the current period, net of recognition Revenue recognized that was included in the beginning period ( ) Balance at September 30, 2025 $ Balance at December 31, 2023 $ Deferred revenue billed in the current period, net of recognition Revenue recognized that was included in the beginning period ( ) Balance at September 30, 2024 $ 28 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS $ $ ( ) $ Interest income on corporate balances Changes in fair value of convertible debt, warrant liability, and embedded derivatives ( ) Interest expense and amortization of discount ( ) ( ) ( ) ( ) Other, net ( ) ( ) Total other (expense) income, net $ $ $ ( ) $ million and income tax expense of $ million, which represent effective tax rates of ( )% and %, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2025 and 2024, the Company recorded consolidated income tax benefit from continuing operations of $ million and income tax expense of $ million, which represent effective tax rates of % and %, respectively. The Company’s income tax expense and effective tax rate can fluctuate period to period based on the levels of net income before income taxes, the mix of profits earned in various tax jurisdictions with differing statutory tax rates, the magnitude of non-deductible items and tax credits, changes in valuation allowances, and the impact of discrete items. The income tax benefit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2025, primarily reflects tax benefits from stock-based compensation, research and development (“R&D”) tax credits, and the impact of recently enacted U.S. tax legislation. During the second quarter of 2025, the Company recognized significant deductions related to the vesting of awards in connection with its IPO. In the third quarter of 2025, the vesting of additional stock-based awards at market prices resulted in incremental tax deductions and additional R&D tax credits. These items collectively reduced the Company’s income tax expense for the period. On July 4, 2025, President Trump signed into law the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (“OBBBA”). The OBBBA includes significant changes to U.S. tax law, including making permanent certain provisions originally enacted under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, such as 100% bonus depreciation, the immediate expensing of domestic R&D costs, and the limitation on the deductibility of business interest expense. The Company evaluated the income tax effects of the OBBBA on its unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and recognized an income tax benefit of approximately $ million in the three months ended September 30, 2025. The benefit primarily relates to current-period deductions arising from the immediate expensing of domestic R&D costs. thousand Series E preferred stock with a strike price of $ per share with an expiration date of February 21, 2025. On February 20, 2025, the Company issued an aggregate of thousand shares of Series E preferred stock to the warrant holders upon the cashless exercise of those warrants. 29 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS million and was convertible into Series E preferred stock subject to the conversion provisions in the agreement. In September 2024, certain holders of the Company’s note converted their principal balance of $ million into thousand shares of Series E preferred stock at a conversion rate of $ per share. Subsequent to the IPO, the remaining note is convertible into Class A common stock at a conversion rate of $ . The note matures on March 1, 2026, unless earlier converted, and has an annual interest rate of % due annually in arrears on the last day of each calendar year. million and $ million as of September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, and are reflected as Convertible debt, net of debt discount on the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The debt discount is amortized and included in Other (expense) income, net in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The change in fair value of the convertible notes is included in Other (expense) income, net million shares of its Class A common stock, including the underwriters’ over-allotment option which was exercised in full, at a public offering price of $ per share. In August 2025, the Company completed a follow-on public offering of its Class A common stock, in which the Company issued and sold million shares of its Class A common stock, including the underwriters’ over-allotment option which was exercised in full, at a public offering price of $ per share. The Charter authorizes a total of billion shares of Class A common stock with a par value of $ per share, million shares of Class B common stock with a par value of $ per share, million shares of Class C common stock with a par value of $ per share and million shares of preferred stock with a par value of $ per share. In connection with the IPO, all shares of our outstanding redeemable convertible preferred stock automatically converted into a total of million shares of our Class A common stock, and a total of million shares of Class A common stock held by our co-founders and certain entities controlled by our co-founders were converted into an equivalent number of shares of Class B common stock. As a result, following the completion of the IPO, we have three classes of authorized common stock: Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C common stock, of which only Class A common stock and Class B common stock were outstanding as of September 30, 2025. Class B common stock is convertible into Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis at the option of the holder. In addition, Class B common stock will automatically convert into Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis upon any transfer, except for permitted transfers described in our Charter, and in certain other circumstances. Class C common stock is convertible into Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis in connection with certain assignments and transfers. The holders of Circle’s Class A common stock are entitled to one vote for each share of common stock held. The holders of Circle’s Class B common stock are entitled to five votes for each share of common stock held (but the aggregate voting power of Class B common stock cannot exceed 30% of the total voting power of our capital stock). The holders of Circle’s Class C common stock are not entitled to vote except to the extent set forth in our Charter or as required by applicable law. The voting, dividend and liquidation rights of the holders of our common stock are subject to and qualified by the rights, powers, and preferences of the holders of the Preferred Stock as detailed in the Charter. 30 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Conversion of Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock Conversion of Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock Conversion of Series D redeemable convertible preferred stock Conversion of Series E redeemable convertible preferred stock Conversion of Series F redeemable convertible preferred stock Common stock issuable in connection with business combinations Common stock issuable under stock award plan Common stock available for future issuance under stock award plan Total million common shares of a consolidated subsidiary that will be automatically converted one-for-one into shares of Class A common stock upon exercise. The warrants have an exercise price of $ per share and an exercise period of from the grant date. The warrants are subject to certain service conditions to be achieved over a period and performance conditions to be achieved over a period. The fair value of the warrants, approximately $ million, was measured at the time of issuance using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions: the Company’s estimated common share price on the grant date, a term of , a dividend yield of , volatility of %, and a risk-free rate of %. The warrants will be expensed as the service conditions are achieved or over the requisite service period if and when the achievement of the performance conditions are probable. There were marketing expenses or distribution and transaction costs related to the warrants for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2025 and 2024. As of September 30, 2025, million of these warrants have expired and none of the common shares associated with the remaining warrants have been exercised or forfeited. million common shares of a consolidated subsidiary that will be automatically converted one-for-one into shares of Class A common stock upon exercise. The warrants have an exercise price of $ per share. They expire from the grant date and the vesting of the warrants is subject to a performance condition. The fair value of the warrants, approximately $ million, was measured at the time of issuance using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions: the Company’s estimated common share price on the grant date, a term of , a dividend yield of , volatility of %, and a risk-free rate of %. The warrants will be expensed over the requisite service period if and when the achievement of the performance condition is probable. There were marketing expenses or distribution and transaction costs related to the warrants for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2025 and 2024. None of the common shares associated with these warrants have been exercised, forfeited or expired. million shares of Class A common stock. The warrants vest based upon the achievement of certain performance conditions for the benefit of the Company. The warrants have an exercise price of $ per share and an exercise period of from the grant date. The warrants are subject to certain performance conditions to be achieved within a period. The fair value of the warrants, approximately $ million, was measured at the time of issuance using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions: the Company’s estimated common share price on the grant date, a term of , a dividend yield of , volatility of %, and a risk-free rate of %. The warrants are expensed as the service conditions are achieved or over the requisite service period if and when the achievement of the performance conditions are probable. There were $ million and $ million distribution and transaction costs related to the warrants for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2025. None of the common shares associated with these warrants have been exercised, forfeited or expired. 31 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS shares of Class A common stock, which represented approximately % of our capital stock on the date it was approved by our board of directors. The shares may be issued to or for the benefit of the Circle Foundation, a donor-advised fund, in installments over years. In August 2025, the Company’s board of directors approved the transfer of % of the reserved shares to the Circle Foundation, following the expiration of the Company’s lock-up. billion was reclassified into stockholders’ equity. As such, there were no shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2025. $ $ Series B 2/26/2014 $ $ $ Series C 4/10/2015 $ $ $ Series D 5/17/2016 $ $ $ Series E Various $ $ $ Series F 5/9/2022 $ $ $ million and $ million for the three months ended September 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and $ million and $ million for the nine months ended September 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The capitalized stock-based compensation expense related to internally developed software was $ million and $ million for the three months ended September 30, 2025 and 2024, and $ million and $ million for the nine months ended September 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. year terms and have vesting periods ranging from months to months. $ $ Options granted $ Options exercised ( ) $ Options forfeited ( ) $ Balance as of September 30, 2025 $ $ Exercisable at September 30, 2025 $ $ 32 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS $ Options granted $ Options vested ( ) $ Options forfeited ( ) $ Balance as of September 30, 2025 $ As of September 30, 2025, unrecognized stock-based compensation cost related to outstanding unvested stock options that are expected to vest was $ million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Restricted stock units (RSUs) Prior to the IPO, RSUs granted under the award plan generally vested upon the satisfaction of both a service condition and a liquidity-event related performance condition. Both the service and liquidity-event related performance conditions needed to be met for the expense to be recognized. RSUs granted after the IPO generally vest solely based on the satisfaction of a service condition. We record stock-based compensation expense for service-based RSUs on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period. Prior to the IPO, we had not recognized stock-based compensation expense related to certain RSU awards as the qualifying liquidity-event related performance condition had not yet occurred and was not considered probable of occurring. As the performance condition related to these awards was met upon the commencement of trading of the Company ’ s Class A common stock on the NYSE, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of $ million, net of $ million of capitalized costs related to internally developed software, associated with the vesting of RSUs for which the service-based condition have also been met. Stock-based compensation expense related to remaining service-based awards after the IPO is recorded over the remaining requisite service period. $ RSUs granted $ RSUs vested ( ) $ RSUs forfeited ( ) $ Balance as of September 30, 2025 $ As of September 30, 2025, unrecognized stock-based compensation cost related to outstanding unvested RSUs that are expected to vest was $ million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 33 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS $ Shares issued $ Shares vested ( ) $ Shares forfeited ( ) $ Balance as of September 30, 2025 $ million and $ million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, post-combination stock-based compensation cost included in the stock-based compensation expense was $ million and $ million, respectively. As of September 30, 2025, unrecognized stock-based compensation cost related to outstanding unvested shares and warrants issued for business combinations that are expected to vest was $ million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years . 34 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS $ $ ( ) $ Less: Dividend preference on preferred shares ( ) ( ) Less: Undistributed earnings allocated to preferred shares ( ) Net income (loss) available to common stockholders - basic $ $ $ ( ) $ Net income (loss) $ $ $ ( ) $ Less: Changes in fair value of convertible debt and warrant liability ( ) ( ) ( ) Less: Dividend preference on preferred shares ( ) ( ) Less: Undistributed earnings allocated to preferred shares ( ) Net income (loss) available to common stockholders - diluted $ $ $ ( ) $ Weighted-average common shares – basic Add: Weighted-average effect of dilutive securities Weighted-average common shares – diluted Earnings (loss) per common share: Basic $ $ $ ( ) $ Diluted $ $ $ ( ) $ Stock options and RSUs Common stock in connection with business combinations Convertible debt, net of debt discount Warrants Total 35 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS $ Pre-tax change – Foreign currency translation adjustment ( ) Pre-tax change – Unrealized (loss) gain on convertible notes – credit risk adjustment Pre-tax change – Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities Tax effect Total accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax $ $ Table 19.2. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Nine Months Ended September 30, 2025 2024 Beginning balance $ $ Pre-tax change – Foreign currency translation adjustment Pre-tax change – Unrealized (loss) gain on convertible notes – credit risk adjustment ( ) Pre-tax change – Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities ( ) Tax effect Total accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax $ $ $ Prepaid expenses Deferred offering costs Digital financial assets Income tax receivable Other Total prepaid expenses and other current assets $ $ 36 CIRCLE INTERNET GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS $ Stablecoin redemptions in transit Accrued expenses Accounts payable Income taxes payable Other payables Total accounts payable and accrued expenses $ $ million into approximately thousand shares of Class A common stock at a conversion rate of $ per share. The fair value of the notes converted in October 2025 was approximately $ million, substantially all of which was recorded to additional paid-in capital upon conversion. 37 